In this exercise, you're tasked with determining,
what's the most critical vulnerability in this list?
What harm could it cause,
and how can it be fixed?
CVE-2020-0609 is one of the critical severity items in the list.
Typically, critical issues are just that critical and needs to be fixed right away.
In this case, it's a remote execution issue.
One of the worst because it means if exploited,
people can control or manipulate your system from virtually anywhere.
So when an unauthenticated attacker connects to
the target system using RDP and sends specially crafted requests to exploit this,
they could execute arbitrary code on
the target system and so an attacker could then install programs,
they can view, change or delete data or create new accounts with full user rights.
To exploit this vulnerability,
an attacker would need to send a specially crafted request to the target system's,
RD Gateway via RDP.
In terms of the solution,
there's a patch update available that addresses this issue and so
that corrects how RD Gateway handles connection requests.
So that patch just needs to be applied and this vulnerability will be fixed.